Just so long
We can drive straight in and take Shucheng
In this way
We will no longer be rootless duckweed
They have the strength to fight the long game.
That's a good suggestion
But I was thinking
This Shucheng is difficult to attack
heavily defended
Our north and south armies are only 100,000 people
How to chew this hard bone
Since I dare to come today
Nature is fully prepared
You see here
Here and here.
This looks on the map
There's no connection.
Exactly.
But that's just what you think.
In fact, in our southern insurgent services
There are a group of elderly people who have participated in the construction of the bookstore
They told me
There is a secret passage under the bookstore
It's full of explosives
Just ignite the explosives
You can blow up the whole city
There are bombs under the city
That's too unreasonable.
If my guess is correct
It should be that the book will be left in order to perish together
Mr. Ma Lian is really amazing
That's right, this is the defenders' Tamsui plan
As long as the city gate is forced
The defenders will set off explosives
Die with the engineering team
Wouldn't that make it harder for us?
The old man in the army told me
This secret passage has a side door in the suburbs
It's pretty remote.
Unguarded
As long as someone goes in and sets off explosives
Then Shucheng will be at your fingertips
That being the case
Your Confederate Army
Why do you still want to cooperate with our Northern Army?
Ashamed to say
Because this secret passage is for Yuhei to see
Once the explosives are ignited
The time to escape will be short
You mean to let our Union army die
I'll tell you what.